---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/gsoc_main.png
navigation: True
title: Google Summer of Code at Open Robotics
date: 2021-08-09 10:18:00
tags:
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: Atharva Pusalkar
---

In the summer of 2021, I had the oppurtunity to work at Open Robotics (née
Open Source Robotics Foundation) as a student developer. The project was in turn funded by Google through their Summer of Code 2021 program.

Back in late 2020, I was looking at new open-source projects that I could contribute to, and by good fortune I stumbled upon the Ignition Robotics project. I was already a wee bit familiar with some of the software published by them and by Open Robotics at large, one of them being the Gazebo robotics simulator.

Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.

But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate-we can not consecrate-we can not hallow-this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us-that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion-that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain-that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom-and that government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth.
